Test Description:
  - This test case is to verify that it is able to delete the checked todo items on Todo Application (http://todomvc.com/examples/angular2/).
  - Tests should be run with FireFox/Chrome/IE.
  
  Preconditions:
  - The list of todos has at least 7 items created.
  
  Test Steps:
  1. Browse to http://todomvc.com/examples/angular2/
      Expected Result:See todos with an input field with a label "What needs to be done?" and at least 7 items show up.
                      A checkbox displays on the input field in front of the label "What needs to be done?"
                      A checkbox displays on each item of the list.
                      The number of "item left" matches the number of items showing up.
                      
  2. Check the checkbox of one item.
     Expected Result: The checkbox is checked of the item, a line cross the string of the item, and the string grey-out.
                      "Clear completed" shows up on the bottom right and the number of "item left" is decreased by 1.
     
  3. Click "Clear completed".
     Expected Result: A deletion confirm window should show up to confirm the deletion.
     
  4. Confirm the deletion.
     Expected Result: The checked item is deleted.
                      "Clear completed" disappears and the number of "item left" is the same as the step 2.
     
  5. Check the checkboxes of two items.
     Expected Result: The checkboxes are checked, a line cross the string of each item, and the string grey-out.
                      "Clear completed" shows up on the bottom right and the number of "item left" is decreased by 2..
     
  6. Click "Clear completed".
     Expected Result: A deletion confirm window should show up to confirm the deletion.
     
  7. Confirm the deletion.
     Expected Result: The two checked items are deleted.
                      "Clear completed" disappears and the number of "item left" is the same as the step 5.
     
  8. Check the checkbox of the input field.
     Expected Result: The checkboxes of all items are checked, a line cross the string of each item, and the string grey-out.
                      "Clear completed" shows up on the bottom right and the number of "item left" is 0.
     
  
  9. Click the checkboxes of two items.
     Expected Result: The checkoxes are unchecked.
                      "Clear completed" shows up on the bottom right.
                      The number of "item left" is increased by 1 after one checkbox unchecked.
                      The cross line and grey-out on the string of the unchecked item disappear.
  
  10. Check the checkbox of the input field.
     Expected Result: The checkboxes of all items are checked, a line cross the string of each item, and the string grey-out.
                      "Clear completed" shows up on the bottom right and the number of "item left" is 0.
  
  11. Click "Clear completed".
     Expected Result: A deletion confirm window should show up to confirm the deletion.
     
  12. Confirm the deletion.
     Expected Result: The all checked items are deleted and the number of "item left" turns to 0.
                      "Clear completed" disappears.
     
